[Music]
there was a simple story about a boy who
was lost and a girl who was broken
they fought alongside a survivor a war
veteran and a fallen Knight I led them
into battle against an evil so terrible
and tried to black out the Stars we
fought for each other we fought for
those who could not but we never
imagined it would end
like this
[Music]
this is a time of difficult choices
sometimes in testable one
as long as we're together we've got a
chance least we'll go down fighting
all paths are coming together now
time to get to work we are the balanced
answer
we were meant to be Jedi so we could be
here now when loathe almonds us nose
may the force be with you
[Music]
Glendale
you